Subscription Terms



Please read these Subscription Terms thoroughly and carefully. The purpose of these Subscription Terms is to establish the terms and conditions under which you obtain access to the learning materials. Should you have any questions, don't hesitate to contact us through the Support Center.





These Subscription Terms are incorporated by reference in the Terms and Conditions of Coursiv™ ("Coursiv", or "us"), and is part of the agreement between you, user of the website www.coursiv.io ("Website") or the app of Coursiv at AppStore ("App"), and Coursiv.



1. Trial

We may offer a paid trial subscription for services provided through the Website and/or the App. Unless you cancel at least 24 hours before the end of the trial, you will be automatically charged a price indicated on the payment screen for a chosen subscription period and trial will be converted into a subscription.



2. Subscription

The subscription renews automatically at the end of each period (4 weeks, 12 weeks, or otherwise, depending on the option selected by you at the time of purchase) until you cancel.



3. Payment method

Payment will be charged to the primary payment method you submitted at the time of purchase at confirmation of purchase. You authorize us to store your payment data to the extent necessary to provide you our services and to automatically charge the applicable fees to the primary payment method that you submit.



In the event of a failed attempt to charge to your primary payment method (e.g. if your payment method has expired), you agree that we have a right to retry billing your payment method or to use any other stored payment method associated with your account. If a payment is not successfully authorized due to expiration, insufficient funds, or otherwise, we may suspend or terminate your subscription. You will remain responsible for any amounts you fail to pay in connection with your subscription. You also agree that we may charge your payment method on file if you decide to restart your subscription to the services.



4. Сancellation

Canceling your trial or subscription means that the automatic renewal will be disabled, but you will still have access to all your subscription features for the remaining time of the then-current period. Note that deleting the app does not cancel your subscriptions.



If you purchased a subscription or enabled trial on App Store:You can cancel a trial or a subscription anytime by turning-off autorenewal through your Apple ID account settings. To avoid being charged, cancel the subscription in your Apple ID account settings at least 24 hours before the end of the free trial or then-current subscription period. You alone can manage your subscriptions. Learn more about managing subscriptions (and how to cancel them) on Apple support page.



If you purchased a subscription or enabled trial on Google Play: You can cancel a trial or a subscription anytime by turning-off auto-renewal through your Google Play account settings. To avoid being charged, cancel the subscription in your account settings at least 24 hours before the end of the trial or the current subscription period. You alone can manage your subscriptions. Learn more about managing subscriptions (and how to cancel them) on Google's support page.



If you purchased a subscription or enabled trial on our website:To avoid being charged, cancel your subscription before the end of the then-current period. You may cancel your subscription purchased on our website in your profile. Below you may find several options (that may change from time to time) on how to initiate cancelation of a web subscription:



If you have an iOS device:

Open the Coursiv app, go to your profile and select Subscription.











From here, you will be directed to subscription settings and will be able to turn it off.



If you have an Android device:

Open the Coursiv app, go to your profile and select My Subscription.











From here, you will be directed to subscription settings and will be able to turn it off.



Don't have the app?

Open your web profile page and go to subscription settings.





From here, you will be directed to subscription settings and will be able to turn it off.



Canceling your subscription means that the automatic renewal will be disabled, but you will still have access to all your subscription features for the remaining time of your then-current period



5. Changes

To the maximum extent permitted by applicable laws, we may change subscription fees at any time. We will give you reasonable notice of any such pricing changes by posting the new prices on the app and/or by sending you an email notification, or in other prominent way. If you do not wish to pay the new fees, you can cancel the applicable subscription prior to the change going into effect.



6. Refunds

These refunds rights and conditions are applied in addition to any refunds rights available to you under the applicable laws. In case you are not certain whether you have a right to a refund, do not hesitate to contact our support team at the email address below and we will find the best solution together.





If you purchased a subscription or enabled trial on App Store: If you are eligible for a refund under Apple refund policy, please request it directly from Apple - they manage all the refunds themselves. Therefore, to request a refund from App Store, please follow these instructions from the Apple support page.





If you purchased a subscription or enabled trial on our website: We provide refunds at our own discretion and subject to laws and our policies that may be published from time to time. Refund will be provided if we find the request acceptable.





Please note that after your subscription period expires, we will not be able to refund you as the service will be deemed consumed in full, unless otherwise provided for by applicable law.





Along with that, when you make a purchase of a single item of digital content (such as a video recording or a pdf file) you expressly agree that such content is made available to you immediately and you, therefore, lose your right of withdrawal and will not be eligible for a refund.





We understand that legal texts can be lengthy and complex, but we have made every effort to present our subscription terms in a clear and understandable manner. If you have any questions after reviewing the subscription terms, please contact us through the Support Center.



Please take a screenshot of this information for your reference. This may help you to control your subscriptions.





LAST UPDATED: AUGUST 19, 2025





Contact us

Alis Spot LLC



HE 462062



Georgiou A, 83, Shop 17, Potamos Germasogeias



4047, Limassol, the Republic of Cyprus



email: support@28days.online



© Alis Spot LLC 2025 All rights reserved.

