1. Money-back guarantee rules

In addition to refund rights available under applicable laws, If you made a purchase directly on our website and the money-back option ("Money-back guarantee") was presented to you during the checkout, you are eligible to receive a voluntary refund of your initial payment only provided that you contact us within 30 days after your initial purchase and before the end of your first subscription period and that the following conditions are met:



If you currently have a 1-week plan activated: You have used the app more than 3 days in a row and completed at least 2 guides with lessons or at least 70% of all available modules

If you currently have a 4-week plan activated: You have used the app for more than 7 days in a row and completed at least 4 guides with lessons or at least 80% of all available modules.

If you currently have a 12-week plan activated: You have used the app for more than 10 days in a row and completed at least 4 guides with lessons or at least 80% of all available modules.



To demonstrate you have fulfilled the conditions above, please, provide screenshots from the app proving your progress.





You can see your currently activated plan in the Subscription settings in your profile.





Once you contact us through the Support Center, we will review your application and notify you (by email) whether your application is approved.





Important Statement

Please note that only fulfillment of all the above requirements allows you to receive a complete voluntary refund under Money-back guarantee. For the sake of clarity, the Money-back guarantee does not apply to the following cases:





Personal reasons (you don't like the product, it did not meet your expectations, etc.);

Financial reasons (you did not expect that you will be charged, that the trial will be converted into the subscription, that the subscription will automatically renew, or that the services are paid, etc.).



You may still cancel your subscription without a voluntary refund by contacting us through the Support Center.





2. General refund rules

We value your feedback and strive for your complete satisfaction. If, for any reason, you are not satisfied, you may be eligible for a refund according to the terms outlined below.



Generally, payments are non-refundable and non-exchangeable unless our Money-back Guarantee conditions are fulfilled or if mandated by law. Nevertheless, we may consider and approve certain refund requests on a case-by-case basis, at our sole discretion.



A refund can usually be claimed only during the subscription period. If the subscription period has expired before you made a request for a refund, we will not be able to provide you with a refund.



Note for the EU residents

If you are a consumer based in the EEA or Switzerland, you have an automatic legal right to withdraw from contracts for purchases of Services. However, when you make a purchase of a single item of digital content (such as a video recording or a pdf file) you expressly agree that such content is made available to you immediately and you, therefore, lose your right of withdrawal and will not be eligible for a refund. By signing up for our Service which is not a single item of digital content and is provided on a continuous basis (such as subscriptions to the App) you expressly request and consent to an immediate supply of such Service. Therefore, if you exercise your right of withdrawal we will deduct from your refund an amount that is in proportion to the Service provided before you communicated to us your withdrawal from the contract.



- Exercise of the Right of Withdrawal. Where you have not lost your right of withdrawal, the withdrawal period will expire 14 days after the day you enter into that contract. To exercise your right of withdrawal, you must inform us - Alis Spot LLC, Georgiou A, 83, Shop 17, Potamos Germasogeias 4047, Limassol, the Republic of Cyprus,HE 462062, email: support@28days.online - of your decision to withdraw from a contract by an unequivocal statement (e.g. a letter sent by post or e-mail). You may use the model withdrawal form below, but it is not obligatory. To meet the withdrawal deadline, you need to send your communication to us saying you wish to withdraw from the contract before the withdrawal period has expired.



- Model Withdrawal Form



To: Alis Spot LLC, Georgiou A, 83, Shop 17, Potamos Germasogeias 4047, Limassol, the Republic of Cyprus,HE 462062, email: support@28days.online 



I hereby give notice that I withdraw from my contract of the following service:



Received on:



Name:



Address:



Signature: (required only if sent by post mail)



Date:





LAST UPDATED: JULY 15, 2025



Contact us

Alis Spot LLC



HE 462062



Georgiou A, 83, Shop 17, Potamos Germasogeias



4047, Limassol, the Republic of Cyprus



email: support@28days.online



©Alis Spot LLC 2025 All rights reserved.

