Privacy Policy





This Privacy Policy is incorporated by reference in the Terms and Conditions of Coursiv™ ("Coursiv", or "us") and is part of the agreement between you, user of the Website www.coursiv.io ("Website" or "Service"), and Coursiv.





Important Privacy Information





To use the service on the Website, we may ask you to enter information about your age, gender, email address, name, сurrent financial situation and ask other onboarding questions.  We also automatically collect from your device: language settings, IP address, time zone, type and model of a device, device settings, operating system. We need this data to provide our services, analyze how our customers use the service and to measure ads.





For improving our service and serving ads, we use third party solutions. As a result, we may process data using solutions developed by Amazon Web Services, Meta, Google, TikTok, Hotjar, Amplitude, Apple, PayPal, FreshDesk, Solidgate, ActiveCampaign. Therefore, some of the data is stored and processed on servers of such third parties. This enables us to: (1) analyze different interactions (how often users make subscriptions, what is the most popular users' financial goal, what is the average time spent by users on the service); (2) serve ads (and are able to show them only to a particular group users, for example, to subscribers). Consequently, we, in particular, better understand in what of our features and content you see the most value and are able to focus on them to enhance your experience and increase the quality of our products.



Please read our Privacy Policy below to know more about what we do with data (Section 3), what data privacy rights are available to you (Section 5) and who will be the data controller (Section 1). Depending on the region from where you access our Services and the choice of our product, we strive to provide you with various privacy control features and rights. For example:



Influence online tracking via e-Privacy settings in our websites.



Opt-out from sale/share of data (in the meaning of certain US laws).



Request data and account deletion.



Exercise other privacy rights.



When such features are available to you, this will be prominently displayed either in footers, menus, or profile sections of our products. We aim to provide most of these rights as privacy features that may be accessed by you on your own by simple UX/UI friendly interactions with our service (when you struggle to find them or they are not available as a feature, please submit a request to us).





If any questions remain unanswered, please contact us through privacy@28days.online.





Privacy Policy





This Privacy Policy explains what personal data is collected when you use the Coursiv Website located at https://coursiv.io/ (the "Website") and the services and Digital products provided through it (the "Service"), how such personal data will be processed.





BY USING THE SERVICE, YOU PROMISE US THAT (I) YOU HAVE READ, UNDERSTAND AND AGREE TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY, AND (II) YOU ARE OVER 16 YEARS OF AGE (OR HAVE HAD YOUR PARENT OR GUARDIAN READ AND AGREE TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY FOR YOU). If you do not agree, or are unable to make this promise, you must not use the Service. In such case, you must (a) contact us and request deletion of your data; and (b) cancel any subscriptions using the functionality provided by instructions on the Website; (c) leave the Website and not access or use it.



"GDPR" means the General Data Protection Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 April 2016 on the protection of natural persons with regard to the processing of personal data and on the free movement of such data.



"EEA" includes all current member states to the European Union and the European Economic Area. For the purpose of this policy EEA shall include the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland.





"Process", in respect of personal data, includes to collect, store, and disclose to others.





TABLE OF CONTENTS



1. Personal Data Controller



2. Categories of Personal Data We Collect



3. For what purposes we process your personal data and legal bases for processing your personal data



4. With whom we share your personal data



5. How you can exercise your privacy rights



6. Age Limitation



7. International data transfers



8. Changes to this privacy policy



9. California Privacy Rights



10. Data Retention



11. How "Do not track" request handled



Contact Us





1. Personal Data Controller

COURSIV LIMITED, a company registered under the laws of the Republic of Cyprus, having its registered office at Georgiou A, 83, Shop 17, Potamos Germasogeias, 4047, Limassol, the Republic of Cyprus will be the controller of your personal data.



2. Categories of Personal Data We Collect

We process data:



(i) you give us (for example, when you enter your gender, financial status or email),



(ii) automatically when you use our Service (for example, your IP address via cookies or SDK technologies).



Data you give us





1. Identifiers and onboarding data



You provide us information about yourself when you register for and/or use the Service. For example: age, gender, name, data on financial status ( including your questions regarding financial mindset), email address.





2. Commercial information



When you make payments through the Service, you need to provide financial account data, such as your credit card number, to our third-party service providers that serve us as data and payments processors. We do not collect or store, or have access to full credit card number data, though we may receive some limited information, including credit card-related data (including a secure token reflecting your payment method), data about products or services purchased, date, time and amount of the purchase, the type of payment method used, limited digits of your card number.



3. Comments you provide with your requests



You may also provide us with some personal information using our "Contact us" forms or by sending emails on our email addresses (including by the means of our data processors referenced as Communication services providers in Section 4). This information may include any comments you log in when you send your inquiry.





Data we collect automatically:



2.1. Data about how you found us. We collect data about your referring URL (that is, the place on the Web where you were when you tapped on our ad).



2.2. Device and Location data. We collect data from your device. Examples of such data include: language settings, IP address, time zone, type and model of a device, device settings, operating system and its version.



2.3. Usage data. We record how you interact with our Service. For example, we log your taps/clicks on certain areas of the interface, the features, and content you interact with, how often you use the Service, how long you are in the Service, and your subscription orders. We also record the ads in our Website with which you interact (and the Internet links to which those adds lead).



2.4. Transaction data. When you make payments through the Service, you need to provide financial account data, such as your credit card number, to our third-party service providers. We do not collect or store full credit card number data, though we may receive credit card-related data, data about the transaction, including: date, time and amount of the transaction, the type of payment method used.



2.5. Cookies and similar tracking technologies. Our products employ technologies (cookies, SDKs, etc.) to process your data to enhance your user experience, optimize ads, and analyze traffic. These technologies are activated when you interact with our services, visit our website, use our apps, or enable certain features like chats. Disabling these technologies may affect the functionality of certain features, although our products will remain usable.





A cookie is a small text file that is stored on a user's computer for record-keeping purposes. Cookies can be either session cookies or persistent cookies. A session cookie expires when you close your browser and is used to make it easier for you to navigate our Service. A persistent cookie remains on your hard drive for an extended period of time. We also use tracking pixels that set cookies to assist with delivering online advertising.





Cookies are classified by origin:



        •        First party cookies are set by our websites under domain and sub-domains;



        •        Third party cookies are cookies used within our Services which are set by other organizations. These include cookies from external services which help us to protect our site and provide extra services (customer support portal, online web chat etc.).





Cookies are used, in particular, to automatically recognize you the next time you visit our Website. As a result, the information, which you have earlier entered in certain fields on the Website may automatically appear the next time when you use our Service. Cookie data will be stored on your device and most of the times only for a limited time period.





We respect your right to privacy and provide you with the option not to allow data processing that is not required for providing you the services you request.



3. For what purposes we process your personal data and legal bases for processing your personal data

We process your personal data for the following purposes:







Purpose of processing



Description & examples



Categories of Personal Data



Lawful Basis



To provide our Service & exercise contractual rights and responsibilities

This includes enabling you to use the Service in a seamless manner and preventing or addressing Service errors or technical issues. To host personal data and enable our Website to operate and be distributed we use Amazon Web Services, which are hosting and backend services provided by Amazon.





Identification and contact data, commercial information (in the case of paid services), data on the use of the services



Performance of contract with you and our legitimate interest — including securing our rights post-service, After we stop providing you with services, we may continue to process your personal information for a limited period of time. We do this to fulfill our contract with you and to protect our legal rights.



To communicate with you regarding your use of our Service

We communicate with you, for example, by emails, using the details you provide — including your name. These may include information about the Service, some critical changes, special offers. To opt-out of receiving emails, you should click the unsubscribe link in the footer of our email. The services that we use for these purposes may collect data concerning the date and time when the message was viewed by our users, as well as when they interacted with it, such as by clicking on links included in the message.



We also use data you provided to us to communicate with you about events or contests in which you participate;



Identification and contact data



Our legitimate interest (customer engagement) or your explicit consent





To personalize our ads

We and our partners, including Facebook and Google, use your personal data to tailor ads and possibly even show them to you at the relevant time.



Onboarding information, Device and Geolocation data, Advertising IDs (for example, we may use it for preventing or fixing technical issues);



Cookies and similar tracking technologies





Consent or Legitimate interest (unless it requires consent, for example, when covered under certain e-Privacy regulations)



To manage your account and provide you with customer support





We process your personal data to respond to your requests for technical support, service information or to any other communication you initiate. This includes accessing your account to address technical support requests. For this purpose, we may send you, for example, notifications or emails about the performance of our Service, security, payment transactions, notices regarding our Terms and Conditions or this Privacy Policy.



FreshDesk provides us with message and customer service tools, which enable us to communicate with you within the Service. When you chat with us via in-Service chat, some of your information is automatically transferred to FreshDesk. The transfer is required to enable us to identify (if you shared any name related data with us) and to communicate with you in the in-Service chat. Thus, FreshDesk uses these data to provide and fulfill its services (as set forth in their terms of service).



 Identification data, contact data, data on the use of the services and other data



Performance of contract with you and our legitimate interest — ensuring effective customer support and satisfaction



To research and analyze your use of the Service



This helps us to better understand our business, analyze our operations, maintain, improve, innovate, plan, design, and develop the Service and our new products. We also use such data for statistical analysis purposes, to test and improve our offers. This enables us to better understand what features and learning plans of the Services our users like more, what categories of users use our Services. As a consequence, we often decide how to improve the Service based on the results obtained from this processing. For example, if we discover that users more often engage in specific topics, we may develop and introduce extra chapters into this category.



Identification and contact data, data about your device, website usage data, data on the use of the services



Legitimate interest — enhancing platform performance and safety



To analyze how visitors use our Service and to measure effectiveness of some ads we use Google Analytics, a web analysis program of Google

In order to provide us with analytics, Google Analytics places cookies on your device. On Google Analytics we get, in particular, aggregated information on the data you enter on our Service and users' interactions within the Service. Google allows you to influence the collection and processing of information generated by the Google, in particular, by installing a browser plug-in.



We also use Amplitude, which is an analytics service provided by Amplitude Inc. We use this tool to understand how customers use our Service. Amplitude collects various technical information, in particular, time zone, type of device (phone or tablet), unique identifiers. Amplitude also allows us to track various interactions that occur on the Website. As a result, Amplitude helps us to decide what features we should focus on. Amplitude is EU-US Privacy Shield certified. Amplitude provides more information on how they process data in its Privacy Policy.



Data about your device, website usage data, data on the use of the services



Legitimate interest (unless it requires consent, e.g. relates to special category of personal data or the method of processing is covered under certain e-Privacy regulations)





To send you marketing communications



We process your personal data for our marketing campaigns. We may add your email address to our marketing list, provided we receive consent or otherwise establish a legal basis for sending you marketing communications. As a result, you will receive information about our products, such as, for example, special offers. If you do not want to receive marketing emails from us, you can unsubscribe following instructions in the footer of the marketing emails.





To communicate with you we use ActiveCampaign, which is message sending service. We integrate Amplitude to create analytics-based audiences and track opening and conversion events.





Identification and contact data



Our legitimate interest (customer engagement) or your explicit consent (in jurisdictions that allow exception to consent requirements)





To process your payments



We provide paid features and/or services within the Service. For this purpose, we use third-party services for payment processing (for example, payment processors). As a result of this processing, you will be able to make a payment for our Service and we will be notified that the payment has been made and will provide you with. We will not store or collect your payment card details ourselves. This information will be provided directly to our third-party payment processors. We use SolidGate to process your payments on the Website.



Identification data, Commercial information, Device and Geolocation data





Performance of contract with you



To enforce our Terms and Conditions and to prevent and combat fraud



We use personal data to enforce our agreements and contractual commitments, to detect, prevent, and combat fraud. As a result of such processing, we may share your information with others, including law enforcement agencies (in particular, if a dispute arises in connection with our Terms and Conditions).





All categories



Performance of contract with you and our legitimate interest



To comply with legal obligations





We may process, use, or share your data when the law requires it, in particular, if a law enforcement agency requests your data by available legal means



All categories



Complying with legal obligations





4. With whom we share your personal data

We share information with third parties that help us operate, provide, improve, integrate, customize, support, and market our Service. We may share some sets of personal data, in particular, for purposes indicated in Section 3 of this Privacy Policy.





The types of third parties we share information with include, in particular:





SERVICE PROVIDERS



We share personal data with third parties that we hire to provide services or perform business functions on our behalf, based on our instructions. We share your personal information with the following types of service providers:





cloud storage providers (Amazon Web Services)

data analytics providers (Meta, Google, Amplitude)

marketing partners (in particular, social media networks, marketing agencies, email delivery services, Meta, Google, ActiveCampaign)

payment processing providers(Solidgate, PayPal, ApplePay, GooglePay)

communication services providers (FreshDesk, OpenAI)



LAW ENFORCEMENT AGENCIES AND OTHER PUBLIC AUTHORITIES



We may use and disclose personal data to enforce our Terms and Conditions, to protect our rights, privacy, safety, or property, and/or that of our affiliates, you or others, and to respond to requests from courts, law enforcement agencies, regulatory agencies, and other public and government authorities, or in other cases provided for by law.





THIRD PARTIES AS PART OF A MERGER OR ACQUISITION





As we develop our business, we may buy or sell assets or business offerings. Customers' information is generally one of the transferred business assets in these types of transactions. We may also share such information with any affiliated entity (e.g. parent company or subsidiary) and may transfer such information in the course of a corporate transaction, such as the sale of our business, a divestiture, merger, consolidation, or asset sale, or in the unlikely event of bankruptcy.



5. How you can exercise your privacy rights



To be in control of your personal data, you have the following rights:



Accessing / reviewing / updating / correcting your personal data. You may request a copy of your personal data and request us to update/correct your personal data collected during your use of the Service through privacy@28days.online.



Deleting your personal data. You can request erasure of your personal data by sending us an email through privacy@28days.online. When you request deletion of your personal data, we will use reasonable efforts to honor your request. In some cases we may be legally required to keep some of the data for a certain time; in such event, we will fulfill your request after we have complied with our obligations.





Objecting to or restricting the use of your personal data.  You can ask us to stop using your personal data or limit our use. For example:



Email marketing: we provide you with the ability to unsubscribe from email marketing communication by following the unsubscribe link in every email or by contacting our support team.



E-privacy settings: we also bring EU privacy features to customers worldwide and allow you to influence the tracking decision on a granular per purpose level (this is available by interacting with the e-Privacy settings section that is usually located in the footer, menu, or profile sections of our products).



If you are based in the EEA, you have the right to lodge a complaint with supervisory authority. We would love you to contact us directly, so we could address your concerns. Nevertheless, you have the right to lodge a complaint with a competent data protection supervisory authority, in particular in the EU Member State where you reside, work or where the alleged infringement has taken place. Based on our registered office, our relevant supervisory authority is The Office of the Commissioner for Personal Data Protection in Cyprus with its address at 1682 Nicosia, Cyprus, P.O.Box 23378, Telephone +357 22818456 or email commissioner@dataprotection.gov.cy.





How to opt out or influence personalized advertising



IOS: On your iPhone or iPad, go to "Settings," then "Privacy" and tap "Advertising" to select "Personalized Ads". In addition, you can reset your advertising identifier (this also may help you to see less of personalized ads) in the same section.





Android: To opt-out of ads on an Android device, simply open the Google Settings app on your mobile phone, tap "Ads" and enable "Opt out of interest-based ads". In addition, you can reset your advertising identifier in the same section (this also may help you to see less of personalized ads).





macOS: On your MacBook, you can disable personalized ads: go to System Preferences > Security & Privacy > Privacy, select Apple Advertising, and deselect Personalized Ads.



Windows: On your laptop running Windows 10, you shall select Start > Settings > Privacy and then turn off the setting for Let apps use advertising ID to make ads more interesting to you based on your app activity. If you have other Windows version, please follow the steps here.



To learn even more about how to affect advertising choices on various devices, please look at the information available here. In addition, you may get useful information and opt out of some interest-based advertising, by visiting the following links:



Network Advertising Initiative – http://optout.networkadvertising.org/



Digital Advertising Alliance – http://optout.aboutads.info/



Digital Advertising Alliance (Canada) –http://youradchoices.ca/choices



Digital Advertising Alliance (EU) – http://www.youronlinechoices.com/





We value your right to influence the ads that you see, thus we are letting you know what service providers we use for this purpose and how some of them allow you to control your ad preferences.





We use Meta pixel on the Service. Meta pixel is a code placed on the Service collecting data that helps us track conversions from Meta Ads, build targeted audience and remarket to people who have taken some actions on the Service (for example, made a purchase).



We use Meta Ads Manager together with Meta Custom Audience, which allows us to choose audiences that will see our ads on Meta or other Meta's products (for example, Instagram). Through Meta Custom Audience we may create a list of users with certain sets of data to choose users that have completed certain actions in the Service (for example, bought it). As a result, we may ask Meta to show some ads to a particular list of users. As a result, more of our ads may show up while you are using Meta or other Meta's products (for example, Instagram). You may learn how to opt out of advertising provided to you through Meta Custom Audience here. Meta also allows its users to influence the types of ads they see on Meta. To find how to control the ads you see on Meta, please go here or adjust your ads settings on Meta.





Google Ads is an ad delivery service provided by Google that can deliver ads to users. In particular, Google allows us to tailor the ads in a way that they will appear, for example, only to users that have conducted certain actions with our Service (for example, show our ads to users who have purchased a subscription). Google allows its users to opt out of Google's personalized ads and to prevent their data from being used by Google Analytics.



The TikTok pixel is a piece of JavaScript code that helps Advertisers measure the cross-device impact of Campaigns. Advertisers will be able to see how many TikTokers take action on their Website(s) after seeing their Ad.





TikTok Ads is the service provided by TikTok that can deliver ads to its users. The ads can be tailored to specific categories of users (for instance, based on their geographical location).TikTok's Privacy Policy.





Automated decision-making: You will not be subject to any decisions that will have a significant impact on you based solely on automated decision-making.





The right to data portability. If you wish to receive your personal data in a machine-readable format, you can send respective request through privacy@28days.online.





To exercise any of the available to you privacy rights, please send a request through privacy@28days.online.





To contact us, you may send an e-mail directly to privacy@28days.online.





6. Age Limitation

We do not knowingly process personal data from persons under 16 years of age. If you learn that anyone younger than 16 has provided us with personal data, please contact us through privacy@28days.online.



7. International data transfers

We may transfer personal data to countries other than the country in which the data was originally collected in order to provide the Service set forth in the Terms and Conditions and for purposes indicated in this Privacy Policy. If these countries do not have the same data protection laws as the country in which you initially provided the information, we deploy special safeguards.





In particular, if we transfer personal data originating from the EEA to countries with not adequate level of data protection, we use one of the following legal bases: (i) Standard Contractual Clauses approved by the European Commission (details available here), or (ii) the European Commission adequacy decisions about certain countries (details available here).



8. Changes to this privacy policy

We may modify this Privacy Policy from time to time. If we decide to make material changes to this Privacy Policy, you will be notified through our Service or by other available means and will have an opportunity to review the revised Privacy Policy. By continuing to access or use the Service after those changes become effective, you agree to be bound by the revised Privacy Policy.



9. California Privacy Rights

This section provides additional details about how we process personal data of California consumers and the rights available to them under the California Consumer Privacy Act ("CCPA") and California's Shine the Light law. Therefore, this section applies only to residents of California, United States.





Under Shine the Light law, the residents may ask companies once a year what personal information they share with third parties for those third parties' direct marketing purposes. Learn more about what is considered to be personal information under the statute. We do not share your personal information with third parties for their own direct marketing purposes within the meaning of that law.





In addition, CCPA provides you with The Right to Opt Out of Sale or Sharing and limit Use of Personal Information. We may share certain information about you with our partners for purposes of targeted advertising or data analytics, which could in certain circumstances be characterized as "selling," "sharing," or "targeted advertising" under California laws. You have the right to opt-out of such sale/sharing of your personal information.



Depending on the product you use, we will strive to provide a prominently link named "Your Privacy Choices" that would allow you to exercise this right. Most of the time it will be available to you in the footer, menu, profile, or similar place (depending on the product and device you use).



We will also strive to recognize and process your opt-out preference signal as soon as possible after receiving it.



10. Data Retention

We will store your personal data for as long as it is reasonably necessary for achieving the purposes set forth in this Privacy Policy (including providing the Service to you), which includes (but is not limited to) the period during which you have an account with the App. We will also retain and use your personal data as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements. For example, under certain accounting and tax laws we are required to store Commercial Information for long periods of time to comply with laws we are subject to. Therefore, even if you submit a data deletion request, a small portion of the data that relates to our compliance obligations will be stored even after the request is satisfied.







11. How "Do not track" request handled

Except as otherwise stipulated in this Privacy Policy, this App does not support "Do Not Track" requests. To determine whether any of the third-party services it uses honor the "Do Not Track" requests, please read their privacy policies.





Contact Us

COURSIV LIMITED



HE 462062



Georgiou A, 83, Shop 17, Potamos Germasogeias



4047, Limassol, the Republic of Cyprus



email: privacy@28days.online





Date of Last Revision: October 31, 2025





© COURSIV LIMITED 2025 All rights reserved.





* "Personal data" means any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person ('data subject'); an identifiable natural person is one who can be identified, directly or indirectly, in particular by reference to an identifier such as a name, an identification number, location data, an online identifier or to one or more factors specific to the physical, physiological, genetic, mental, economic, cultural or social identity of that natural person (Article 4 (1) of the GDPR).





(See the full text of the EU's General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) at https://eur-lex.europa.eu/eli/reg/2016/679/oj)

